v6.5: modify default value descriptions for enable-partition-separator (#13316)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

terminator = ''
# Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `none` is the default value and means that the date is not separated. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>.
date-separator = 'none'

> # Whether to use partitions as the separation string to store partitions in a table in separate directories. In v6.5.0 and v6.5.1, the default value is false. In v6.5.2 or a later v6.5.x version, the default value is true. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in partitioned table scenarios <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8581>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>.

Author: ```suggestion
# Whether to use partitions as the separation string to store partitions in a table in separate directories. In v6.5.0 and v6.5.1, the default value is false. In v6.5.2 or a later v6.5.x version, the default value is true. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8581>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>.
```

> # Whether to use partitions as the separation string to store partitions in a table in separate directories. In v6.5.0 and v6.5.1, the default value is false. In v6.5.2 or a later v6.5.x version, the default value is true. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8581>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>.

Author: ```suggestion
# Whether to use partitions as the separation string to store partitions in a table in separate directories. In v6.5.0 and v6.5.1, the default value is false. In v6.5.2 or a later v6.5.x version, the default value is true. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>.
```
